[Music]
her dress I'm saying a safe house in
Paris why would I need a safe house
embarrassed rude things at some point go
terribly wrong it's good to have a place
to go you know for a cup of tea
my brother's my sisters the clock is
ticking fast
my dream we who live forsooth for last
the moment has come to take our rightful
place
in the world where we was it's free join
me
or die The Wizarding of non Wizarding
World have been at peace for over a
century
who in the world wants to see that piece
destroy you want me to hunt him down to
kill him
[Music]
Damodar why can't you go I can either go
sprinkles off
it has to be here
you don't suffer from motion sickness
see I don't do well on boats
you know why I admire you Nick
you do not seek power you simply ask is
the thing right
[Music]
the times coming
when you wouldn't have to pick a side
I don't do sides are you gonna do
[Music]
I think a something
mute you never met a monster you
couldn't love let's take
I think that might have been the best
[Music]